# 1 May 2019

Converted sidebar view controller to individualized disclosable controllers.  The original sidebar controller changed the current view based on the selected item of the drop down controller (which listed each sidebar view available.)  As I start to add new view controllers for changing as many options as possible, it will be beneficial to have multiple views visible simultaneously.

Originally, each sidebar view was swapped in and out as selected by the dropdown selection.  With the new layout, a new "DisclosureViewController" class was created which is then subclassed by all of the sidebar view controllers.  The disclosure controller superclass contains all the code needed to present the controller title with a "Show" / "Hide" button.  Clicking on the button will toggle the view's .isHidden property.  This is something that can be animated and will be revisited in the future.

The SidebarViewController takes its array of children (view controllers) as initialized by the MainWindowController, and places their views within a stack view such that all elements (views) of the array are visible simultaneously.  The main sidebar view will need to be placed into a NSScrollView at some future point as the number of sidebar controllers are increased.

The disclosure buttons will be changed at some point to match more closely the buttons that appear / disappear in Xcode (and other Apple apps.)

The current .isHidden status of each view controller will be a "NSDefault" such that their states will be kept for the next launch / execution.

The DisclosureViewController is a from scratch Swift creation loosely based off Apple's "InfoBarStackView" example. 
