# 12 May 2019

Laid out initial "framework" for a USB Manager class.  This class will mainly act as a shim between IOKit.USB and the low-level C driver libraries (librtlsdr).  

The primary reason for this shim is to allow for dynamic removal / addition of RTLSDR dongles without the need to restart the application or using a "refresh" button.  The rtlsdr library only captures a "snapshot" of the attached dongles at any given time with no way of knowing when devices are added or removed, so therefore, the USBManger class will monitor for device plugins and removals and then call delegate functions for the main application to determine if the USB device is an SDR and act accordingly.

The USB manager consists of 3 source files.  The first file is a simple structure that describes a USB device using its USB VID, PID, Vendor, Product, Serial, as well as its IOKit registry ID for matching removals.  The next file, io_object_t+IOUSBDevice.swift creates several extensions for io_object_t.  io_object_t is nothing more than a UInt, but by extending its type, it allows for OO access to IOKit data about that object.  For example: deviceName = ioObject.ioRegistryName().  The last, and main file, contains the delegate and class definitions for the USB Manager.

The IOUSBManager class is a singleton which creates a one-to-one listing of the USB devices as recognized from IOKit (All devices on the USB plane of the IORegistry).  This class creates an IOKit notification when any USB device is attached or removed, updates its internal array, then calls the appropriate added or removed delegate.  The commit contains working a working IOUSBManager class.  The rest of the application needs to be re-factored to be able to accept dynamic addition and removals of USB devices.  (This class may not need to be a singleton, which will be determined as I further integrate it into the main application)
